./datasets contains the 17 lands draft dataset open with caution it is immensely big
./plots contains all plots used for our project
./src contains our codebase which is divided into 3 parts:
explore.py : exploration and the function calls are being done here
plots.py : used for most of our plotting purposes
simulation.py : used to simulate a tournament run with coin tosses in the Magic Arena Structure, 7 wins or 3 losses,
whichever happens first, means the tournament is over.

B = 'Black', U = 'Blue', R = 'Red',W = 'White', G = 'Green' are the colors in Magic the Gathering the shortcuts are being used
regularly in our code

All our used plots can be generated through explore.py,
although for some some variables have to be changed to achieve the desired plot.
Running this will take a while due to the big size of our dataset.


All plots used can be found in the /plots folder.
These are being generated by calling different functions starting in line 146 in explore.py

plots.visualize_winrate() with the "winrate_draft" dataframe generates the "winrate by deck/draft"

plots.visualize_winrate() with the "winrate_game" dataframe generates the "winrate by game"

plots.visualize_delta_winrates() generates the delta between "winrate_game" "winrate_deck"

plots.visualize_winrate() with the	"winrate_games_bucket" dataframe generates the winrate by games

plots.visualize_winrate() with the "winrate_rank_bucket" generates winrate by rank

plots.draftsvsgames() plots the number of games vs number of decks

plots.winrate_by_rank(df, "Silver") generates the color winrates in Silver.
The passed String here "Silver" determines which rank of the Magic Arena online client we look at.
The only passable options are: "Bronze", "Silver", "Gold", "Platinum", "Diamond", "Mythic".
Note this is case sensitive "silver" does not work.


plots.compare_simul_real(dataframe, color, winrate) compares the real observed winrates with our simulated cointosses.
The color refers to the colorpair and example would be "GU" being green blue, the winrate
correlates to the weighted coin being thrown in the simulation.
Unfortunately for this to work you have to go into plots.get_records() and change the return_df variable to the color you passed. 
return_df = visualize_record(df_GU,"GU Records")
this means we take the real dataframe of "GU"

simulation.plot_simulation(color,winrate) this plots a simulated tournament with a weighted 
cointoss according to the passed winrate.


From line 158-163 we plot the total games played by all colors.
Before using this we have to uncomment the marked colors in get_colorpair(),
note that this adds all the lesser colors to all the other plots so in general these should be commented out.


Note that for some of the graphs the special coloring is not applied yet this was mostly done on the "testing" branch, because some of them were quite hacky and painful to add.
